docs: improve readability (#883)
containerd/runwasi: docs/src/getting-started/installation.md

# Installation

This guide will help you install and set up Runwasi on your system.

## Prerequisites

Before installing Runwasi, ensure you have the following prerequisites installed:

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) (stable)

> - [containerd](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/docs/getting-started.md) (if using the containerd integration)

Reviewer: **question:** Is there any use to runwasi without containerd?
```suggestion
- [containerd](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/docs/getting-started.md)
```

2. Download the appropriate shim for your preferred WebAssembly runtime:
   - `containerd-shim-wasmtime-v1` - for Wasmtime runtime
   - `containerd-shim-wasmedge-v1` - for WasmEdge runtime
   - `containerd-shim-wasmer-v1` - for Wasmer runtime
   - `containerd-shim-wamr-v1` - for WebAssembly Micro Runtime (WAMR)

3. Make the binary executable and move it to your PATH:

```bash
chmod +x containerd-shim-wasmtime-v1
sudo install containerd-shim-wasmtime-v1 /usr/local/bin/
```

4. Verify the binary signature (recommended):

```bash
# Verify using cosign
cosign verify-blob \
    --signature containerd-shim-wasmtime-v1.sig \
    --certificate containerd-shim-wasmtime-v1.pem \
    --certificate-identity https://github.com/containerd/runwasi/.github/workflows/action-build.yml@refs/heads/main \
    --certificate-oidc-issuer https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com \
    containerd-shim-wasmtime-v1
```

### Option 2: Building from Source

To build and install Runwasi from source:

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/containerd/runwasi.git
cd runwasi
```

2. Build the shim for your preferred runtime:

```bash
make build
```

> > Note: `make build` will only build one binary. You can specify which runtime to build with `make build-wasmtime`, `make build-wasmer`, or `make build-wasmedge`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: `make build` will build shims for all runtimes. You can specify which runtime to build with `make build-wasmtime`, `make build-wasmer`, `make build-wasmedge`, `make build-wamr`, etc.
```

3. Install the binary:

```bash
sudo make install
```

> The `make install` command copies the binary to $PATH and uses symlinks to create all the necessary components.

Reviewer: IIRC we don't create any symlinks anymore.
```suggestion
The `make install` command copies the binary to $PATH.
```
